Addelectronics (#49)
JoseDeFreitas/awesome-youtubers: readme.md

<br/>

[🔼 Back to the top](#contents)

## Electronics and Communication

> All tutorials and videos of every single old as well as new electronic component available in market . how to get started with electronics stuff ,every useful resource and also get advice/recommendation which product to use and why from persons having a much more experience in this field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All tutorials and videos of every single old as well as new electronic components available in the market. How to get started with electronics stuff, every useful resource, and also get advice/recommendation which product to use and why from persons having much more experience in this field.
```
Fix some little text errors.

Author: done @JoseDeFreitas

[<img align="left" height="94px" width="94px" alt="All about electronics channel's avatar" src="https://yt3.ggpht.com/a/AATXAJy96DtZPu2EJwh5eXuSn6-ru4wz1C4xFTs8GBcwYA=s176-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj"/>](https://www.youtube.com/c/ALLABOUTELECTRONICS)

[**All About Electronics**](https://www.youtube.com/c/ALLABOUTELECTRONICS) \

> Content about: Electronics and Communication \

Reviewer: Below this line, the channel entry should have a "Featured playlists" field. Please read the [guidelines](https://github.com/JoseDeFreitas/awesome-youtubers/blob/main/contributing.md) so you can see how to.

<br/>

[🔼 Back to the top](#contents)

## Electronics and Communication

All tutorials and videos of every single old as well as new electronic components available in the market. How to get started with electronics stuff, every useful resource, and also get advice/recommendation which product to use and why from persons having much more experience in this field.

[<img align="left" height="94px" width="94px" alt="All about electronics channel's avatar" src="https://yt3.ggpht.com/a/AATXAJy96DtZPu2EJwh5eXuSn6-ru4wz1C4xFTs8GBcwYA=s176-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj"/>](https://www.youtube.com/c/ALLABOUTELECTRONICS)

[**All About Electronics**](https://www.youtube.com/c/ALLABOUTELECTRONICS) \
Content about: Electronics and Communication \

> Featured playlists: `BJT`, `Analog Electronics`, `Network Analysis`. \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Featured playlists: `BJT`, `Analog Electronics`, `Network Analysis`. \
<br/>
```
